hey everyone so today's video is my July
favorite I haven't actually done a
favorites video before but it was
requested by a lot of you so I'm going
to go ahead and do it and I know it is
halfway through the year and I'm
starting this but hey better late than
never I guess so let me just get
straight into it so the first product
that i'm going to show you i actually
did mention and speak about in my summer
essentials video and that's my mac fix+
spray i think this is really really
great for summer and this is why i've
been loving it this month and i've been
using it lowes because like i said in my
summer essentials video it's really
refreshing and that's kind of what you
need with your makeup just to refresh
yourself make yourself feel nice and
cool and like while it's been hot so i
have actually been loving this loads i
have spoken about this in more depth and
show you how to use it in the summer
essentials video so if you want to go
ahead and watch that and you'll know a
bit more about it but yeah just to say
that this is that to be a favorite this
map second of all I've got my lush
bubble gum lip scrub and it is like that
and I've got lipstick on right now so I
can't actually show you what it does but
I can explain to you so what did it it
smells so good it smells of actual
bubble them but it tastes of candy floss
it's yummy like you basically put out
your lips you didn't let dip it out put
it on your lip scrub it about and it's
basically for when your lips are feeling
a little bit rough and you just need to
exfoliate get any dry and dead skin off
your lips so it's really really good for
that it also prompts up your lips a
little bit settle it so many times mmm
and it's just yummy so whatever's on
your lips just go ahead and lick it off
and it is really delicious so is that
tree quite naughty of me sometimes I
only put it on so that I can eat it
another favorite of mine is my
has been my mac mineralize skinfinish
powder in the shade medium dark and the
reason I love this this month is because
I was actually at a festival and
wireless and it was so so so hot that
day and I couldn't really bring my whole
makeup kit to top my makeup up and
whatnot so what i did is i just bought a
little powder brush with me and this and
I was just able to quickly wipe over my
face and it still gave me nice good
coverage without making me look cakey
throughout the day so I could top it up
as many times as i wanted and I still
looked ok I'm at the end I think anyway
and see that was a really really good
product to have and carry around with me
it's like that I don't know if you can
see it because it's my skin color fades
quite lightly but I love this and really
good to just carry about with you on a
hot day and just top up with then
another favorite of mine this month has
been the barrier lipstick and this is in
the shade 52 and like that and I'll just
watch it for you so that's the color
really really nice and beautiful it's
really similar to max candy yum yum
which some of you may know that I
absolutely love but this isn't as matt
and drying on your lips so it's a really
good alternative and really cheap as
well also the baryon lip liner that goes
with it it's that color just show you so
I've done it right there next to it it
goes perfectly with it i don't know if
this is there isn't a shade written on
it but it's just that they really got
one pink one I think and so it's this
one which goes really well with the
barium lipstick and and yeah it's just a
really lovely color as some of you may
know already I love my bright colors and
throughout the year whether it's summer
winter whatever it just really lifts
your face and your look and what
so love love love these and really cheap
so i think this was only about 2 99 or
one of these i can't remember but they
were really cheap and you can get them
all drugstore so it's good for anyone
finally my last favorite this month is a
little bit off topic with beauty but you
can get it from the beauty stand it's
the laura mercier body and bath almond
coconut milk candle like that and it's
really really yummy I love the smell of
almonds I think it's a really strong
smell some people either love it or they
really hate it I really love it and
coconut as well I love eating coconut
bounty bar yeah and I'm just the smell
of it so it's a really good mix and I've
been putting this on in my room and it's
just been feeling my room with a lovely
scent this whole month so i'm really
really loving this and you can get it
from any laura macias and so guys those
are my favorites for this month i really
hoped you enjoyed that I know it's not a
lot of things but i just wanted to show
you what i have actually been using and
loving in this month of july instead of
showing you loads of products at not
actually using for the sake of being a
long video so i just wanted to be honest
and true to you all and I hope you can
appreciate that and secondly I've bought
a new camera so i hope the qualities
better for those of you that said that i
need it to it improve with that so I'm
working on it I'm trying to get to know
this camera and get all the
technicalities right of it so bear with
me if it's not that great for now I'm
learning slow baby steps I'll get there
and so thank you all so much for
watching I really hoped you enjoyed this
and we'll be doing favorite videos now
every month because I actually really
like doing them so yeah thumbs up
comment down below and do not forget to
subscribe what bye